# CS-360

The application I chose to develop for this course was a warehouse inventory management app.  The requirements of the application were that it must have a screen for users to log in and create accounts, account information must be stored in the app's database, request permission from the user to send SMS notifications, send SMS notifications to the user based on inventory notifications, display inventory in the form of a grid, allow the user to add, update, and delete items from the inventory grid screen, and store inventory item information in the app's database.  This application was designed to meet the needs of a company or organization that is attempting to manage their inventory of products.  I approached  the development of this app by designing the UI screens first.  By making sure to include all of the required buttons, text objects, grids, and screens I was able to then work on providing them with functionality in an organized way.  I think the most successful part of the application I created was the log in screen.  I have not worked on mobile applications before this project and did not have any experience with databases.  I really enjoyed creating the interactable text objects on the log in screen that allow the user to type in a username and password.  The account verification function that occurs when the user attempts to log in searches the user account database to see if the username and password are valid, if they are not the log in fails.  The create account button allows the user to take the input that they have entered for the username and password and enters it into the applications database, allowing them to log in with that info the next time they use the app.
